how's it going boys Johnny superb man
here and we're continuing with our super
mario 64 commentary that's right that's
right in our first level we got the star
from the King Baba we what in this world
here as you can see I'll show you guys
give you guys a little background if
anyone hasn't played this game so we got
one star basically every level we get
stars that's the that's the goal to get
a star every level and eventually if you
get enough stars you can open these
doors it takes the power of eight stars
to open this door you need seven more
stars okay so you see so this is kind of
like the boss door so I think every
level has about five or six stars in it
so since we already got one for this
let's continue with this level I love
this level nice and nice and quick and
this will all have a footrace with
Cooper the quick and the first one was
the big bomb on the summit and now we
got the footrace with Koopa too quick we
gotta race somebody to the top here I
remember this level area is Cooper the
quick all right all right all right oh
yeah I got to talk to him first okay
hey Mario is it true that you beat the
big bomb on cool you must be strong and
pretty fast so how fast are you anyway
fast enough to beat me coop it quick I
don't think so just try me how about a
race to the mountaintop where the big
bomb was oh that sounds good
what do you say I say go let the race
begin all right don't go go don't go go
go let's go come on I got this I got
this boys this laws easy son yeah no big
this guy is you just run through
everything oh yeah oh yeah just don't
get it by the dog II don't get by the
doggy oh crap I got enough got enough by
the dog I stupid camera angle I can't
see where I'm going
oh all God should I take the I don't
know if I should take the you know what
not gonna take the shortcut just because
I don't know if it actually takes longer
you ought to get on my way oh he takes
what she he can run up that that's cheap
come on long jump come on I got those
Canadian legs
I got Donovan Bailey legs come on here
we go get up there Mario oh yeah oh yeah
I got this poise
oh yeah look at these moves I'm just
showing off now Cooper too quick my ass
there you go oh yeah oh yeah look at
this this man a parkour this this
background music it's great oh
there's hope
get out my way cannonball you can't stop
me oh yeah boys I think I beat him I
think I beat him oh yeah that fancy job
all 107.7 oh yeah and look at him have
fun at the top there oh yeah love this
pole oh yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah swing
down baby where is this guy it's taking
forever come on man might as well just
do tricks while waiting for old about
time get big son of a gun you got to lay
off that frigging McDonald's it's
killing you
oh whoa you are really fast
a human blur here you go you've won it
fair and square
yes my second star boys only six more
before we get to Bowser we're here to go
you know what we gotta do something
special to get to this star let's see if
I can jump off right on it whoo aah I'm
not that cool all right whatever there
it is here we go home so there you go
boys I'm gonna continue with the Super
Mario 64 series I'm gonna make a video
per star I think there's over a hundred
stars I don't even know so we're gonna
continue with this and we'll come back
what's the next level to the next level
is just to see just to set it up
it's the shoot to the island in the sky
all right that should be interesting you
guys might have to help me out on that
one cuz I actually haven't beat this
game fully remember what I said save
game file save game files so the next
video shoot the island to the sky
all right boys take it easy